---
title: Surprise With Fast Food
author: Benjamin Hudgens
header:
  image: /assets/images/cover/welcome_to_california.jpg
  caption:
categories:
  - Change Me
tags:
  - Change Me
---

Of course things are different when you visit a different country.  The first farm town we reached in Canada right awe we crossed I was approached by a friendly fella who explained the town was getting its first _Tim Hortons_.  I had never heard of such a thing but this was a big deal.

It took us several days in Canada to finally try a Tim Hortons but we finally did.  I'm disappointed to say that it wasn't a great experience.  I believe we are fortunate to have better options in the USA for donut and coffee shops.  It's not that it was "bad" food - only that the donuts we got were *meh*.

Another surprise is the prevalence of A&W stores.  It feels like A&W in Canada is as common as McDonalds is to almost all of the USA.  We finally ate at one of the A&W's at a truck stop.  My only disappointment was that we didn't do it sooner.  It had been years since my last time at an A&W.  My food was *delicious*.  

We haven't found much difference with the Starbucks in Canada.  That is unless we are talking about the internet service.  I was very pleased when Google took over the internet service for Starbucks in the United States.  This allowed us to work remotely and have a reliable place to call home.  Canada is even better!  The internet is not provided by Google but we have not visited a Starbucks with less than 100mb/s.  The internet has been fantastic!
